Add binary optimization and layouting tool (BOLT) (#2724)
hyrise/hyrise: src/lib/CMakeLists.txt

# Include this here because we need the GENERATED property on version.hpp and in CMake that property has directory
# scope
include(${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/cmake/git_watcher.cmake)

# We have to add a few compile flags, so BOLT can work:
# > BOLT operates on X86-64 and AArch64 ELF binaries. At the minimum, the binaries should have an unstripped symbol
# > table, and, to get maximum performance gains, they should be linked with relocations (--emit-relocs or -q linker
# > flag).

> # > NOTE: BOLT is currently incompatible with the -freorder-blocks-and-partition compiler option. Since GCC8 enables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# > NOTE: BOLT is currently incompatible with the -freorder-blocks-and-partition compiler option. Since GCC >= 8 enables
```

Author: This is a quote, but I think it is fine to change this.

# > this option by default, you have to explicitly disable it by adding -fno-reorder-blocks-and-partition flag if you
# > are compiling with GCC8 or above.
# https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/tree/main/bolt
option(COMPILE_FOR_BOLT "Set to TRUE to build Hyrise for further optimization / instrumentation / profiling with BOLT. Default: FALSE" FALSE)
if (${COMPILE_FOR_BOLT})
    if ("${CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_ID}" STREQUAL "GNU")
        add_compile_options(-fno-reorder-blocks-and-partition)
    endif()
    add_link_options(-Wl,--emit-relocs)
endif()

option(PGO_INSTRUMENT "Set to TRUE to build an instrumented hyrise binary that will generate pgo profile data when run. Default: FALSE" FALSE)
if (${PGO_INSTRUMENT})
    add_compile_options(-fprofile-generate)
    add_link_options(-fprofile-generate)
endif()

> set(PGO_OPTIMIZE "" CACHE PATH "Set to the path to a PGO profile to use PGO")

Reviewer: Later for me: why is there not `BOLT_OPTIMIZE` flag?

Author: Because BOLT is not applied when building the binary, but afterwards on the finished binary. The BOLT flag just specifies that the binary should be built in a way that BOLT can interact with it later.

> set(PGO_OPTIMIZE "" CACHE PATH "Set to the path to a PGO profile to use PGO")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(PGO_OPTIMIZE "" CACHE PATH "Set path to a PGO profile in order to use PGO")
```
